Running Debug Commands


In many of the provided scripts, there exists a 'Debug' section. You're more than welcomed to explore
the section and try triggering commands to see how everything works. 

Keep in mind that in most cases you'll need to first enable the "isDebugActive" parameter before
you can use the commands-- most components default to the debug mode set to off to improve performance.



Debug Terminology: "Cmd"s , "Param"s , and "Settings"
--------------------------------------

In most debug sections, the properties have a prefix which states their role/purpose at a glance.
Here are the different categories:

 o Cmd => "Command" 
   - These are single-click properties that trigger an internal method/feature. These may or may not
     be guided by a nearby "param" property. Hovering over each Command should tell you if it's
     driven by a specific parameter.
   - These are your primary method for debugging the given scripts. You may add more if you wish.

 o Param => "Parameter"
   - These are the various parameters that the local commands will use (if applicable) to test
     specific cirumstances. You may set these to whatever you wish to find the limitations of the
     given utilities. Note that each parameter should mention which command(s) it influences when
     you hover over the property.

 o Setting
   - These properties in general change how the debug commands function. These appear rarely, but each
     setting property will tell you exactly what commands it changes when you hover over the property.



Debugging tips and warnings
-------------------------------------------

Sometimes a debug method may throw a warning if you pass extremely invalid parameters (ex. emtpy or NULL paramters).

In these cases, the debug command caught a bad parameter that may break the utility, (which is a good thing).
But what if, later in the application, the APPLICATION gives the same extremely-invalid parameter somehow?

In this case, the debug command isn't there to throw the warning, and the issue may or may not be caught by the executing script.
The uncaught cases may cause red errors.


During development, 
In General, do your best to always check if your giving safe parameters to methods. Some scripts may catch the bad-parameter
errors, but thay may vary from script to script.

I did my best to anticipate poor parameters with most of the utilities, but there may be gaps in some unexpected cases.
If you happen across any, please reach out to me so I can remedy the specific cases.